# PDF417BarcodeDecoder
For more information go to CodeProject article https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/4042463/PDF417-Barcode-Decoder-NET-Class-Library-and-Two-D

The PDF417 barcode decoder class library allows you to extract PDF417 barcode information from image files. The library is written in C# for the .NET framework. It is the second article published by this author on encoding and decoding of PDF417 barcodes. The first article is PDF417 Barcode Encoder .NET Class Library and Demo App. You can use the encoder article to generate barcode image files to test the decoder. The decoder class reads an image file containing PDF417 single barcode or multiple barcodes and returns an array of results. The primary result is a byte array or multiple byte arrays. Methods are available to translate byte array to a text string based the ISO-8859 standard. Two demo/test projects are included to test the library. The Pdf417DecoderDemo reads barcode image files. The Pdf417VideoDecoder captures web camera pictures and decodes the PDF417 barcodes.

PDF417 is a two-dimensional barcode. The barcode documentation and specification can be found in the following websites. Wikipedia provides a good overview of the PDF417. Click here to access the page. The PDF417 standard can be purchased from the ISO organization at this website. An early version of the specifications is freely available to be downloaded at this website. I strongly recommend that you download this document if you want to fully understand the decoding process.

The software attached to this article is a PDF417 decoder library, and two demo/test programs. The software is written in C# for the .NET framework. This article explains the decoding process. How to integrate the decoder to your application. And how to use the demo/test programs.
